h1(FirstChild). Source Repository

h2. Browser

You can "navigate within the sources online":jbehave_fisheye_url
with the help of the "FishEye":fisheye_url installation on Codehaus.

h2. Subversion

JBehave uses "subversion":http://subversion.tigris.org as its source control manager.

h2. Anonymous Subversion access

The project's current repository can be checked out through anonymous
subversion access with the following command:

<div class="Shaded"><pre>svn co http://svn.codehaus.org/jbehave/trunk jbehave</pre></div>

You might also use this URL to browse the repository in a simple manner.

h2. Developer Subversion access

Developers of JBehave can check out through HTTPS access with the following command:

<div class="Shaded"><pre>svn co https://<username>@svn.codehaus.org/jbehave/trunk jbehave</pre></div>

This access protocol is available to all, but only developers can commit changes.

Developers require a LDAP password for CodeHaus username (contact Bob at the Haus to get assigned 
a password if you don't have one).

To test HTTPS commit access, one may eg:

<div class="Shaded"><pre>
svn co https://svn.codehaus.org/jbehave/trunk jbehave
cd jbehave
echo "test" > TEST
svn add TEST
svn commit --username username --password your-password --message "Testing HTTPS"
</pre></div>

_Note_: you only need to specify username and password once per client.

[jbehave_fisheye_url]http://fisheye.codehaus.org/browse/jbehave 
[fisheye_url]http://www.cenqua.com/fisheye
