h1(FirstChild). Building the JBehave website

h2. Ruby and Gems

jBehave uses "BuildMaster":http://buildmaster.rubyforge.org, an open source Ruby project to build its website.  This document will show you step by step how you can update and build jBehave website.

* Install Ruby and gems
* Update Website
* Build Website

h2. Install Ruby and Gems

h3. Install Ruby
You will need to install Ruby and have RubyGem enabled.  If you are on Windows system, the easiest thing to do is to download "Ruby One-Click Installer":http://rubyforge.org/frs/?group_id=167.

Make sure that ruby.exe is on your path and verify it by typing command

<div class="Shaded"><pre>ruby --version</pre></div>

h3. Install BuildMaster

"BuildMaster":http://buildmaster.rubyforge.org is used as the template engine to put skin on the content.  You can use RubyGem to install it:

<div class="Shaded"><pre>gem install BuildMaster</pre></div>

h3. Install RedCloth

"RedCloth":http://whytheluckystiff.net/ruby/redcloth/ is the "Textile":http://hobix.com/textile/ to HTML converter so that we don't need to use verbose HTML.

<div class="Shaded">@gem install RedCloth@</div>

Now you are set!

h2. Update Site

h3. Generate the site

<div class="Shaded">@ruby sitespec.rb@</div>

h3. Launch Local Server

At the root of jBehave project there is a @sitespec.rb@ file.  Change to that directory and type "@sitespec.rb server@", it will launch a local HTTP server that serve the documents at port 2000.  The output should something like the following:

<div class="Shaded">
<pre>[2006-11-23 00:50:25] INFO  WEBrick 1.3.1
[2006-11-23 00:50:25] INFO  ruby 1.8.5 (2006-08-25) [i386-mswin32]
[2006-11-23 00:50:25] INFO  WEBrick::HTTPServer#start: pid=1688 port=2000</pre>
</div>

Now you can point your browser at "@http://localhost:2000/index.html@" and see the website.

h3. Update Content

The source of the contents are the @.textile@ files under @website/content@ directory.  You can use your favorite text editor to open them up and update the content using "Textile":http://hobix.com/textile/ syntax.  You can also use the existing document as reference.

Save the file, refresh the browser, and you will see the result of the change right away.

h2. Build Site for Deploy

If you invoke the same @sitespec.rb@ without any argument, it will generate the HTML and copy the rest of the files (e.g. image files) into the @website/output@ directory for upload.

